 Have you ever used a computer?
 ...for more than 4 hours continuously?
 ...for more than 8 hours?
 ...for more than 16 hours?
 ...for more than 32 hours?
Did you stop to eat?
Did you stop just long enough to grab a cup of tea?
Have you ever missed a class while programming?
...an examination?
...your bedtime (three days late)?
Have you ever programmed while intoxicated?
...did it make sense the next day?
...did it run faster than a 'properly written' program?
Have you ever voided the warranty on your equipment?
...within a month of buying it?
...on the day you bought it?
Do you complain when a 'feature' you use gets fixed?
Do you have 'go faster stripes' on your computer?
Do you know how many days old you are?
...how many hours?
...do you keep count?
...do you believe your biorhythms?
Did you ever invent a computer joke?
...did someone not 'get it'?
Have you seen Tron?
Have you seen Wargames?
Have you seen Sneakers?
Do you know what ASCII stands for?
Do you know the names of all the ASCII control codes?
Can you read and write ASCII in hex and binary?
Can you name powers of two up to 2^16 in absolute order?
...up to 2^32?
...up to 2^64?
Have you ever patched a compiled assembler program?
...while it was running?
...during a severe system crash?
Have you ever taken a photo of a monitor?
Have you ever watched a video or TV on your monitor?
...in a window?
Have you ever digitised an image?
Have you ever optimised a time delay loop?
Do your computer talk to you?
...do you have a customised start-up logo?
Have you ever listened to a 14k4 modem in operation?
...did you understand it?
Have you witnessed a disc crash?
Have you made a disc drive 'walk'?
Have you ever played music with your disc drive?
...with your dot-matrix printer?
Have you ever programmed in BASIC V?
...ARM assember?
...C?
Have you ever copied a floppy disc in a photostat?
Have you ever shown anybody the 'any' key?
When the 'Press any key or click mouse to continue...' message comes up, do you press the most destructive keys you can?
DDDDDDDDo you know ARM stands for?
 ...BASIC?
 ...WIMP?
 ...MEMC?
 ...TCP/IP?
Have you ever debugged a BASIC program over the telephone?
...an assember program?
Have you ever put your computer in a different case?
...was it an old PC tower case?
...was it a pine wooden case?
...did it have gold trimmings?
...did it have a 'sunroof fitted as standard'?
Have you ever interrupted a UPS?
Have you ever masked an NMI?
Have you ever claimed a few vectors you don't need?
Have you ever messed around with R15 in an attempt to jump into other programs?
Have you ever seen the barrel shifter?
Have you ever installed an upgrade (ie: memory, serial port...)?
...when the computer was switched on?
...successfully?
Have you ever tried to write a program to emulate the W.O.P.R.?
Do you have any outdated documentation?
...do you still read it?
Have you used Econet?
...did you use the command *REMOTE?
...often?
Have you ever *REMOTEd more than one computer at a time?
Have you ever used your faxcard as an answering machine?
Have you ever patched a bug that Acorn doesn't acknowledge?
Have you ever proved Acorn completely and totally wrong? (eg: Watford Electronics 4Mb A3000)?
Have you ever fixed a hardware program in software?
...vice versa?
Have you ever belonged to a user/support group?
...a BBS?
Have you ever had your activities mentioned in a newspaper?
...did you get away with it?
Have you ever written your REMs in French, German, Swahili or something other than English?
Have you ever physically destroyed equipment from software?
...deliberately?
Do you take listings with you to lunch?
...to bed?
...do you take the laptop instead?
Can you convert hex to binary in your head?
Do you rely heavily on the microwave oven?
Have you ever written a self-reproducing program?
...a self-patching one?
Have you ever swapped out of the swapper?
Have you ever written a robust virtual memory system for RiscOS?
...did it work in the DeskTop?
...could it handle more storage than your harddisc had free?
...could it work with a floppy disc?
Have you ever been asked for a cookie?
On a BBS, do you repeatedly ask for cookies to see how long it takes for the same cookie to be 'randomly' selected again?
Do you know 'Gray code'?
Do you know the end of an epoch?
...have you ever celebrated to end of an epoch?
Do you know the difference between DTE and DCE?
Do you know the RS232C pin connections?
Can you wire a connector without looking in a book?
Can you wire an Acorn serial lead without looking in a book?
Do you have a copy of the Hackers Dictionary?
Do you have a copy of the Anarchist's Cookbook?
...the Jolly Roger Cookbook?
...ever make anything from them?
...were you hospitalised?
Do you have your own cookies file?
Do you have a famous quotes file?
...from Quantum Leap?
...from Terry Pratchett?
Do you own a modem?
...an Acorn computer?
...an Acorn laptop?
...an Econet server?
...a dot-matrix printer?
...a LASER printer?
...any other type of printer?
...a multisync monitor?
Do you own a programmable calculator?
...does it draw graphs?
...ever drawn a house with it?
Have you ever owned more than 1 computer?
...more than 4 computers?
Do you have a SLIP line?
Do you have a PPP line?
...are they via DEMON?
Does your modem/faxcard have a seperate telephone line?
...is it legal?
Do you use more than 60 megabytes of disc space?
...256 megabytes?
...1 gigabyte?
...more?
Have you a partition greater than 512 megabytes?
Do you own more than 16 floppy discs?
...64 floppy discs?
...256 floppy discs?
...1024 floppy discs?
Have you ever been a system administrator?
Do you have more digits of memory than your bank balance?
Have you ever downgraded your job to upgrade your processing power?
Is your job secure?
...do you have the code to prove it?
Have you ever has a security clearance?
...did you give it to yourself?
Do you know how to use a multimeter?
...an oscilliscope?
...a frequency counter?
...a logic probe/logic analyser?
...a soldering iron?
Have you ever built your own test equipment?
...did it work?
...was it accurate?
How you ever etched a PCB?
How you ever etched a PCB from a freehand circuit drawing?
...did it work?
Do you know more than 2 programming languages?
...4 languages?
...8 languages?
Have you ever written a programming language?
Have you ever copied a copy-protected disc?
Have you ever successfully fixed a broken directory?
...a corrupted map?
Have you ever found an operating system bug?
...did you exploit it?
Have you ever caused the Econet to crash?
...intentionally?
Do you have any friends?
Can you honestly say that you don't have any enemies?
Are your shoelaces untied?
Do you interface well with strangers?
Do you consume more than LD-50 caffeine a day?
Do you wear an anorak?
Do you get stressed with long jokes or people that don't talk/think quickly?
Do you answer either-or questions with 'Yes'?
Do other people have difficulty in using your customised Desktop?
Have you changed every 'OK' icon to be an 'Okay' icon?
Do you dream in any programming languages?
Do you have difficulty focussing on three-dimentional objects?
Do you have a floppy disc hanging on the wall?
Do you respond to any simple user question with 'RTFM'?
...do you know what it means?
Have you ever had an out-of-CPU experience?
Have you ever talked to the person next to you via the computer?
Have you ever computed PI to more than ten-thousand decimal places?
Ever spend ten minutes trying to find a single-character error?
...more than an hour?
...more than a day?
...more than a week?
...did the first person you show it to find it immediately?
Does your telephone have more than 12 DTMF buttons on it?
Do you run a BBS?
Is it a hackers board?
Is there a black box on the line?
Have you ever written your own BBS utilities?
Have you logged-on as more than one person?
...more than 2 people?
...more than 5 people?
Do you send yourself messages to make your BBS look used?
Is your BBS connected to FidoNet?
...InterNet?
Have you created your own Net?
...was it successful?
Do you own a copy of !Impression?
...!Ovation?
...the ISO C compiler?
...Acorn's C compiler?
...ArcTerm7?
...DeskTop thesuarus?
...DeskTop dictionary?
...RiscOS3.10?
...!NewLook?
...Lemmings?
...Sim City?
Do you have a 24-bit colour card?
...and a TTL monitor?
Do you know all the OSCLI commands?
...all the *FX commands?
...all the SYS calls?
...all the SYS calls by number?
