ARMs Race v0.52

Introduction
	ARMs Race is a new online game. In it, you play a sysop, starting
with a BBC micro and a single 1200 bps modem, trying to make your BBS grow.
It allows users to save games, so they can come back and play again, and
enter into competition with each other.

Installation
	ARMs Race is an ArcBBS door, number 139. It should be called like any
other door. It would be a good idea if, from the same menu, you give the
option of downloading the instructions. To get hiscores, the paramater
"-scores" should be put on the end of the line running the program.
	Once installed, ARMs Race pretty much takes care of itself. The only
thing you will need to do is watch out for later versions, which can be
collected from Northern ARM, and Arcade.
	When you collect a newer version, the file "Games" should be copied
into the new version, to keep the saved games. Most versions will be able to
handle games saved from earlier ones.

Legal Bits
	ARMs Race is shareware, in the true sense. You have a full version.
However, if you use ARMs Race on your BBS for more than two weeks, you should
send £5 to:
	Tom Lawton
	19 Park View Crescent
	Roundhay
	Leeds
	LS8 2ES

	This will allow me to spend more time working on later versions, and
will give your voice more weight when asking for changes and alterations.

	The author does not accept responsibility for any damage or loss
caused by ARMs Race.


	If you do have any ideas, suggestions etc., send them to me at the
above address, fidonet 2:250/372.2 or tolawton@arcade.demon.co.uk. I will be
unavailable for the whole of August, but after that, new versions should
start pouring out.

	ARMs Race was compiled using RiscBasic, available from Silicon Vision.

Thanks to:
	Chris Jackson - for testing it, and never moving from his computer.
	
	Alex Howarth - for helping with suggestions etc.
	
	Keith Hall - for ArmBBS.
	
	Robbie Record - for making sheep jokes.
	
	Ian Clemmence - for trying hard not to laugh when I fell in the lake.
	
	Jonathan Potts - for constantly complaining about BT (they've fixed
the line now)

	Anna Zoltowski - for the lightbulbs.
	
	Oliver Jones - for breeding maggots in his locker.
	
	Radio Aire - for (hopefully) sponsoring my BBS, and for the music.
	
	Holmes - for learning how to sing (samples available on request)